README.md, before:

# Birdie Developer Test
We would like to thank you for taking our developer test. We understand that often candidates will have many of these tests to complete. Therefore we think it's important to cut straight to important stuff. With that in mind we have gone ahead and created a boiler plate that mostly represents the kind of technical stack we work with. This saves you the time of having to create needless boiler plate code does little to demonstrate your potential as a developer.

## Context

At Birdie our app allows care givers to record observations on older adults receiving care, we name them **care recipients**.

These could be anything from the recording of mood (happy, sad, bored, confused) to what they drank today (1 pint of water). 

Each of these observations are recorded as events in our database. Here's an example of a mood observation recorded
in this event format:

``` json
{  
   "id":"decaa026-2ce5-49cb-aff9-92326b85a98c",
   "event_type":"mood_observation",
   "visit_id":"39b94aab-cc35-4874-807f-c23472aec663",
   "timestamp":"2019-04-23T10:53:13+01:00",
   "caregiver_id":"4786d616-259e-4d52-80f7-8cf7dc6d881a",
   "care_recipient_id":"03f3306d-a4a3-4179-ab88-81af66df8b7c",
   "mood":"okay",
},
```

Here's a quick explanation of the base properties:

- `id`: Uniquely identifies the observation  
- `event_type`: Title we use to categorise our events.  
- `visit_id`: Observations are traditionally observed during a visit between the caregiver (carer) and care recipient. This ID identifies that visit  
- `caregiver_id`: Identifies who the caregiver (carer) was that made this observation.
- `care_recipient_id`: Identifies the care recipient this observation is for.

On top of that, there can be **additionnal properties** based on the `event_type`:

- `mood` describes the mood of the care recipient as reported by the caregiver

The database (we should have sent you credentials) contains some of these observation events, within the `events` table.

## Challenge

*Display the information to a family member*

#### Your challenge is to use the boilerplate we gave you to create a small web application to visualize these observations, so that looking at it is valuable to a family member of this care recipient.

This could means presenting it in the following forms:

 - A table
 - A graph
 - A timeline

 Or any other way/combinaison of those.

## Set up

Here's the technical stack this boiler plate is made from.

### Front end
* [React](https://reactjs.org/)
* [Redux](https://redux.js.org/introduction/getting-started)
* [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)
* [Redux sagas](https://redux-saga.js.org/docs/introduction/BeginnerTutorial.html)
* [Styled components](https://www.styled-components.com/)

### Back end
* [Express](https://expressjs.com/)
* [MySQL](https://www.mysql.com/)
* [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)

## Usage

1. Start the API. (Run the following commands within the `backend` folder)

   a. Install the dependencies
   ```
   npm install
   ```
   
   b. Run the HTTP server (will start on port `8000`)
   ```
   npm run dev
   ```
2. Start the React app  (Run the following commands within the front-end folder)

    a. Install the dependencies
   ```
   npm install
   ```
   
   b. Run the application (will start on port `3000`)
   ```
   npm start
   ```

Commit message:

Fix typo and add deliverables

README.md, after:

# Birdie Developer Test
We would like to thank you for taking our developer test. We understand that often candidates will have many of these tests to complete. Therefore we think it's important to cut straight to important stuff. With that in mind we have gone ahead and created a boiler plate that mostly represents the kind of technical stack we work with. This saves you the time of having to create needless boiler plate code does little to demonstrate your potential as a developer.

## Context

At Birdie our app allows care givers to record observations on older adults receiving care, we name them **care recipients**.

These could be anything from the recording of mood (happy, sad, bored, confused) to what they drank today (1 pint of water). 

Each of these observations are recorded as events in our database. Here's an example of a mood observation recorded
in this event format:

``` json
{  
   "id":"decaa026-2ce5-49cb-aff9-92326b85a98c",
   "event_type":"mood_observation",
   "visit_id":"39b94aab-cc35-4874-807f-c23472aec663",
   "timestamp":"2019-04-23T10:53:13+01:00",
   "caregiver_id":"4786d616-259e-4d52-80f7-8cf7dc6d881a",
   "care_recipient_id":"03f3306d-a4a3-4179-ab88-81af66df8b7c",
   "mood":"okay",
},
```

Here's a quick explanation of the base properties:

- `id`: Uniquely identifies the observation  
- `event_type`: Title we use to categorise our events.  
- `visit_id`: Observations are traditionally observed during a visit between the caregiver (carer) and care recipient. This ID identifies that visit  
- `caregiver_id`: Identifies who the caregiver (carer) was that made this observation.
- `care_recipient_id`: Identifies the care recipient this observation is for.

On top of that, there can be **additionnal properties** based on the `event_type`:

- `mood` describes the mood of the care recipient as reported by the caregiver

The database (we should have sent you credentials) contains some of these observation events, within the `events` table.

## Challenge

*Display the information to a family member*

#### Your challenge is to clone this repository and create a small web application to visualize these observations, so that looking at it is valuable to a family member of this care recipient.

This could mean presenting it in the following forms:

 - A table
 - A graph
 - A timeline

 Or any other way/combinaison of those.

## Deliverables

- Put your code on Github and send us the link to the repository
- Deploying the code to a platform like [Heroku](https://heroku.com) is a great plus.

## Set up

Here's the technical stack this boiler plate is made from.

### Front end
* [React](https://reactjs.org/)
* [Redux](https://redux.js.org/introduction/getting-started)
* [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)
* [Redux sagas](https://redux-saga.js.org/docs/introduction/BeginnerTutorial.html)
* [Styled components](https://www.styled-components.com/)

### Back end
* [Express](https://expressjs.com/)
* [MySQL](https://www.mysql.com/)
* [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)

## Usage

1. Start the API. (Run the following commands within the `backend` folder)

   a. Install the dependencies
   ```
   npm install
   ```
   
   b. Run the HTTP server (will start on port `8000`)
   ```
   npm run dev
   ```
2. Start the React app  (Run the following commands within the front-end folder)

    a. Install the dependencies
   ```
   npm install
   ```
   
   b. Run the application (will start on port `3000`)
   ```
   npm start
   ```
